Surviving, you know, issues going to and from the cut site and cut site related accidents.
But the bonfire construction and structure itself, you know, was not perceived.
It wasn't on my radar.
And what was on my radar was the awareness of the community's concern about the fire hazard and the property damage from all the crowds parking and then traipsing through neighborhoods to get there.
What do you think were the unifying experiences of Texas A&M in the 1970s?
What was it that caused male and female corps and civilian to feel strongly about this institution?
You know, I don't have any one cataclysmic, you know, catalystic thing that I – but, you know, it's just bound to happen because the wheels were set in motion.
All you had to do was admit women to the university.
You know, all you had to do was embrace it.
And, you know, the pace of that blending and integration was slowed somewhat.
We had incidents, you know, when a woman's hand was not shaken on the stage as she crossed to graduate.
I was seated three feet from that event.
You know, I think there were setbacks.
But I don't think those reflected the student body.
And I think that the student body, all you had to do was put them in this place, in this environment, with these traditions, and evolution took its course.
All right, see if you have any thought about this.
I've been wondering if the unifying events do not include at least these and maybe more.
Fish camp, midnight y'all practice.
football, home football games, bonfire, muster, did I say silver taps?
Silver taps, and commencement, where every name is called and every hand is shaken.
Right.
Commencement, elephant walk.
Oh, I forgot...
the band.
You've hit the nail on the head on all of the unifying elements from which the Aggie culture emanates.
And so when you first said events, I was thinking in addition or separate from those because I think A&M can withstand
and will sustain itself through the course of any kind of historical event with these traditions in place.
And the other institutions that I know anything about have few events of anything like this kind of inclusiveness that many others, you have fraternities and sororities, and they kind of go their own way, but they don't pull to the middle.
And here I think there is.
That's true.
I think, you know, I mean, if I were to...
to look back or if someone called me and said we're doing a survey, a continuous improvement or whatever.
I can see for a university this large, and it was large enough at the time that students could be missed.
a very active outreach and if you were a student like me you did not come with the foreknowledge that the Fish Camp existed or that you know that there were these traditions and so forth and and because I lived off campus from day one you know I wasn't really
inundated as much with some of these unifying things.
And that came more to me over time, you know, through my work experience, which is just interesting because that started so young, so early for me in my sophomore year, but to have to look at it objectively as a reporter from an outside, not an inside reporting job.
As a reporter, were you aware of the tug of war between Dr. Williams and the Board of Regents at the time of his heart attack and soon thereafter?
I didn't know, you know, the politics necessarily.
I knew that the reorganization was in the works.
and that they selected the new president, they did not accept his recommendation of who that person would be.
Were you aware of that as a reporter?
Yes, yes, and I think that was well covered by the battalion also.
I think the student body was aware of that.
So I have a lot of blending between was I aware of it because I was a reporter in the community versus a member of the student body.
The community, there were a lot of things where there was a little bit of adversity between A&M and the community.
But that grew and changed over time.
I mean, the community is totally dependent on A&M, but they were having growing pains and wanting to be included more in A&M's planning.
Do you think that the community then realized as well as it should have how dependent they were on A&M for their economic strength?
Yes, I think there was that strong realization, but the strong feeling that they should be included as players in the planning.
Did you have any relationship with Dr. Miller as the new president?
Do you remember?
No, Jarvis Miller, no.
Let's kind of draw this to a conclusion then for the day.
Are there some faculty and or staff members that you personally would like to thank for the role they played in helping you become an Aggie graduate and a skillful professional?
Well, I mentioned Bob Rogers and Bill Harrison, and both were very influential, but Bill Harrison in particular was inspiring to carry on.
He was very reinforcing.
And actually that was in light of some other professors not being reinforcing because being in the public eye, I was also subject to some criticism, which I can understand when they're directing it
to a reporter or to a news organization, but I was also a student, and Rogers and Harrison never lost sight of that, so they always treated me as a student, you know, and I was there to learn independent of what I was doing on the job.
Any others, though, you want to thank?
No, those were my closest.
Really, you know, my other classes,
in terms of size and individual attention, I went to class and then I went to work.
And so I missed the relationship that could be developed in seeing professors during their office hours, because I didn't ever go to office hours.
Who did you turn to for advice, if you needed any?
Counseling on what to take, what courses, or something having to do with your... Was it those two men?
right it was it was the two of them so that was pretty exclusive for me and and uh uh there there was uh uh now you know professors who were very understanding always very understanding in terms of me juggling as much as i was juggling at the time they were very supportive of that and so i you know i would thank them collectively for that uh you know and i think in a and uh
In that span of time, there was only one professor who I had a problem with.
And so, you know, that's probably a pretty good ratio, you know, odds, very minimal in terms of any kind of negative results.
All right, next to last question.
Let's make believe someone walked in and gave you a check for a million dollars with only one condition.
You had to pass it on to Texas A&M, but you could decide what use they would make of the money.
If you had a million dollars that you could give to A&M, what would you ask them to do with it?
What would be the good causes dearest to you?
Well, I am active in the former Journalism Student Association.
And so I would favor support of that department and that group.
And actually the first thing that came to my mind
But, you know, because it's so looming now for us, the bonfire relief fund, actually, and I understand the worthiness of the memorial fund, you know, but if it was today, that would not be for Texas A&M per se, but for the A&M family, and I think that those families and survivors, you know, would benefit.
But otherwise, the former Journalism Student Association,
And then, you know, I might have to do some exploration because, you know, I would like to see that in the size and scale of things that there is a stronger outreach to students to, you know, to be brought in if they don't have the guiding hand of a family member, you know, to introduce them to Aggieland.
All right, last question.
What feelings do you hold in your heart for A&M today?
Well, you know, Texas A&M is my nest.
I have gone to school here.
I've lived in Bryan College Station, and I continue to work on the campus.
And so it's my home base, and I'm very attached to that.
I love having a job that affords me the opportunity to travel extensively around the country.
But I wouldn't trade having Aggieland as my home base for anything.
And I wouldn't trade the pride that I have in being able to say that.
That's good there.
That's good.